Jyothi, your brother hasn't come yet?
I'm waiting for him.
He must be late for the bus.
He'll be here soon.
Ok, I'll wait till your brother comes.
Ok, uncle.
Hey, stop the engine.
No, uncle.
You go ahead.
I will go through the shortcut way.
I might see a villager on the way.
Ok, be careful.
Ok, uncle.
Right, right.
Hey, wait.
Jyothi, don't go towards the Adavigutta forest.
No, uncle.
I won't go.
Ok, dear.
Right, right.
Hey, Govindu.
Your sister just got down from the bus.
She went into the village through the shortcut way.
Go fast.
Okay, uncle.
The vehicle has broken down.
I'm going.
Right, right.
Hey.
Hey, stop.
Come here.
Where is she?
I think she escaped.
There she is. Go.
Hey, Wait.
Wait.
Hey, come here.
Hey, stop.
She's going away.
Adavigutta.
Adavigutta?
Hey, Why are you like that?
I have night duty the day after tomorrow.
The headman gave me night duty near the Adavigutta.
That's why your face is red.
Hey, I'm doing typewriting at the station.
What's the new night duty?
The girl who came was...
Kanakam.
Yes, he could have given
the night duty to that girl, right?
Hey, she's a girl.
How can he do that?
In a police job, what’s the difference
between a man and a woman?
She'll get equal salary.
Anyway, I don't know why our headman likes her so much.
Shut up.
Don't laugh.
I'm getting irritated.
Hey, Muthyalu.
You were born and brought up in this village, right?
Have you ever filed a theft case?
Robbery in this village?
What's there to rob?
Old temple, School in a ruined condition.
Useless Adavigutta.
I don't know where and how those girls are.
It feels like some curse has fallen upon this village.
Everywhere I look,
I see tears and frowns.
To get rid of that,
After a gap of three years,
the goddess's festival is being held this year.
At least now, It would be good
if the Adavigutta curse is broken.
With all this happening, who would go to Adavigutta?
You go.
But, you'll never come back.
Like you, Sathyam, Karuna and Giri come back to this village.
They didn't get even a single blow on their bodies.
They died a horrible death.
Even my cow was sacrificed to that Adavigutta.
Oh, my God.
Now, I'm scared to even think about those girls.
Hey, the SI has come.
Come to meet him.
Let's talk to the Head and change that duty.
Let's go.
You said it.
That's a good idea.
Hey, you'll get it. I'm
telling you. Don't worry.
Sir, good morning.
Greetings, sir.
Why do you think we don't have any work?
Sir, my sister, sir.
We'll tell you if there's any information.
It's been a long time, sir.
We are facing pressure from our superiors.
As if that wasn’t enough, you’re the same.
Sir, I beg you, sir.
This is not your house.
You can't stand here all the time.
Look here.
I'll inform you as soon as I find out about your sister.
How many more days, sir?
Our people have given up sleep
and food to search for your sister.
Go.
Don't send anyone to me.
Sir, I feel a bit sad seeing Govind’s situation.
If you feel sad, you can't do the police duty.
If you’re feeling emotional, stay near the house.
Do as I say in my station.
Okay, sir.
Sir.
Why did you come now?
Yours is the afternoon shift, right?
You like mutton rice, right? That’s why I got it.
Then, why did you stop there?
Come.
Sir.
What?
Today is the festival of Polamma Thalli.
I want to know who will be sent to security.
Do you want to ask me for this?
That's why, even with age, you’re
still stuck like a head constable.
you just sitting idle.
Ravi, Hari, Rajashekar.
Send them.
By the way, what is the name of the lady constable?
Kanakamahalakshmi.
Yes, Kanakamahalakshmi.
Which shift?
I will tell you after seeing.
General shift.
8 o'clock duty, sir.
It's time for duty.
Go.
You look beautiful, Schandrika?
So beautiful.
Thanks, aunty.
Kanakam
What happened?
Open the door.
Kanakam
Let's go from behind.
Where are you?
Kanakam
Where can't she be seen?
Kana...
What happened?
What is this?
Shoo!
Move! Move!
Why are you so scared?  It’s just a lizard.
How can you do police duty if you're so scared?
She can do it, aunty.
I don't know what to do
She is brave girl, aunty
But She gets a little scared.
I will take care
You won't let your friend say a word, right?
How many more days?
The festival will end on the day you're with her.
After that you have to get ready and go
I have to take care of her, right?
It's ok, aunty
I will tell my father and get her transferred to our village.
Oh
God!
Don’t do that. If Kanakam is not with me,
I’ll feel bad.
That is the problem, aunty.
We can't live without each other
When I think about it,
I don't know how we became so close
in such a short span of time.
Will she do anything to me?
I am also doubting you, Sindhrika
Will you both stop now?
I am getting late for my duty
I will go and prepare the carriage.
You stay here.
She comes in the middle of the bath,
thinking the lizard will come again.
I amam getting late.
I am going.
Kanakam, Kanakam, Kanakam, Kanakam,
I am getting late
You forgot the carriage.
Wait, I am also coming.
I am getting late for my duty.
I will meet you at the fair in the evening.
Ok, come at the time of the game.
Ok, ok
I welcome all the participants
of Palaamma Thali festival.
I wish the participants to celebrate
this festival and get blessings.
Our President has also given from the Goddess us
good medical treatment
Our villager Hanumanth rao, is distributing free medicines.
All of you should come and take the medicines.
Our President will come
anytime and give the first order.
All of you should be patient.
We should celebrate the festival successfully.
Oh no!
I am late today also.
I don't know what SI sir will say.
Sorry sir, I am late.
Aunty has sent the box to both of you.
Why did you come so late?
SI sir is inside.
It is good.
You performed really well.
So, you just show up and make
the entry whenever you feel like it?
What else do you want?
Whether I’m here or not,
it’s all the same.
Is there anything still in your way?
Sir...
No, no, no.
I am not saying anything to you.
You don't have to trouble yourself.
Come whenever you want.
Go whenever you want.
If you want, you can keep the log book with you.
Sorry sir.
What sorry?
People who don't have time
maintenance are not fit for police duty.
Not only you.
You used the ladies' quota as a way to come here.
My seniors.
They must be told off.
We are men.
If we are in trouble here,
she will come and solve it.
Why are you looking at me like that?
Did I say anything wrong?
Tell me.
You are right sir.
You should not wear pant, shirt like a man.
You should work like a man.
It is not that easy.
I came late for duty.
How can you stand like this?
First day of the fair.
First day of the festival.
Many women will come.
Go to the festival security right now.
Yes sir.
Take care of your work.
Oh.
Listen to me.
Our president is coming.
Kind-hearted person.
Like that.
Merciful man.
What?
He is a good man who works
for the welfare of our village.
The God of all of us.
Who?
Our village president.
Our village president will inaugurate the festival.
What?
All the devotees.
Receive the blessings of God.
All of you will receive the blessings of the Goddess.
In all of your faces.
There is more fear than devotion.
That is why.
All the rituals and customs are put aside.
For your well being.
I am doing the festival of Goddess.
If you take good care of Goddess in these 5 days.
Goddess will also take good care of you.
No matter how many problems you face.
There should be no problems during the Goddess's festival.
Move forward.
Stand properly.
Walk fast.
Goddess.
Calm down. Calm down.
Goddess bless us.
Save the village from the Adavigutta.
It is your duty.
Calm down. Calm down.
Hey.
Son-in-law.
Maybe you didn’t come,
we were upset about everything.
Why should you get scared?
Without me.
How could you celebrate the festival without me?
What is this?
This?
It is a kite.
I did see it on the way.
I brought it.
It is okay.
Here.
Look at the arrangements.
This is not enough.
Is it?
It is not enough.
I will take care of it.
Enough.
We should celebrate the festival with success.
Offer the incense.
Remove that.
Okay.
Uncle
Tie it properly.
That one.
This one?
That colour.
Take that.
This is okay.
What is this? Ganga.
When did you come from the hostel?
I came yesterday.
For the festival.
** Singing **
What is this? uncle.
I will take care of the festival.
Nothing.
It seems that the girls are not
coming out alone at night time.
If you go out alone.
Call me.
I will come and take you.
Did you understand?
No need. I will go with my mother.
I will come back.
Why are you saying like this?
[Singing]
Come fast.
Walk.
Go fast.
I have no control the pig.
You can't even control a piglet,
how will you control your wife?
You are a girl.
You’re misbehaving with the girls at the fair.
Should I take you to the police station?
What did I do?
Don't act.
You flashed your watch light on the girl.
Did you think that I did not see?
She is my sister-in-law Ganga.
She is not replying when I call her.
That's why I flashed the light on her.
Do you know how much trouble she is in?
Have you thought about it?
What is this?
You have been talking nonsense for a while now.
What if I flashed the light on you?
If you stay here for some more time,
I'll have to flash you too.
You said it very well.
Hey!
Madam, you go.
I'll take care of him.
My Piglet!
Hey
Ouch!
Hey!
How dare you hit?
I didn't hit him.
Didn't he play not to touch?
If he touch, Why did you hit him?
He's acting crazy.
Why can't I keep quiet?
Why is he acting crazy?
What do you think of yourself?
Hey, Suribabu! Stop!
Mr. President!
This girl hit our team leader.
Why?
Why did you hit him?
He touched me.
Did he touch you on purpose?
Will you disappear if he touches you?
Shut up!
Don't talk nonsense.
Don't you know how to talk to a woman?
That's not true.
If people know that she hit our team leader,
won't we lose our reputation?
Why are you talking like that?
Shut up!
I'm talking to her.
Stop this nonsense and start playing.
That's what I'm saying.
Hey!
Start playing.
Sit down.
What are you both doing here?
What happened was...
Nothing.
We wanted to visit the temple to see the deity.
But there was a long queue.
That's why we sat here.
The queue won't reduce if we sit here.
Come.
Let's go for a darshan.
Tell me the name of your clan.
Paidipala Gotram.
Dhanushurasi .
Bhaarani nakshatram
Take it.
Did you get the collection?
Yes.
Hello!
Mic testing 1, 2, 3.
People who came for the festival,
people from our village,
people from other villages,
young and old, listen carefully.
Before 8 o'clock at night, all the
women should go to the forest.
Especially, no one should go to the Agavigutta (forest).
This is the SI's order.
Chandrika.
Let's go.
Madam.
We’ll come together after we finish the duty.
Is it?
Okay.
What happened?
Madam.
Why are there so many pins?
Let's go.
I'll buy you new slippers.
No need now.
Don't delay.
Come soon.
Tell me.
What's the plan?
Wait for a while.
I'll tell you after the duty.
Move... Move.
Stand properly.
Move.
Hold on... Hold on.
Hold on.
Are you blind?
Can't you see the people?
Are you asking the government
people if they are blind?
Government people?
Yes.
Who are they?
MLA has sent cement bags to start the
current tower in the forest.
Then, Go this way, it's very near.
Okay.
We were here till the festival.
There are still 4 days left.
Why did you give new clothes?
First, sit.
Tell me.
What?
Happy birthday.
♪ Rising and falling waves ♪
What happened?
♪ Raindrops began to fall ♪
I feel like I was born again today.
Nothing.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Sathibabu said women shouldn't go out after 8.
So, today is your birthday and today is
your celebration.
♪ That spark, this sprinkle of water ♪
Is it good?
Yes.
Fresh toddy (palm wine).
You wanted to drink at least once.
Take it.
What about you?
I don't want it.
I am in uniform.
You shouldn't drink when you are in duty
and not when you are in uniform.
You are not in duty now.
Drink.
It's wrong.
No
Look.
Today is my birthday.
If you don't drink, it's a promise on our friendship.
♪ The heart united, ♪
♪ the feet began to move ♪
♪ It is time that brought this union ♪
♪ An old debt has become today’s blessing ♪
♪ It sparkled, becoming a smile ♪
♪ Rising and falling waves ♪
I feel like I am looking at you
when I look at the sun.
Why?
Because those two brought light in my life.
What if I don't appear when
it gets dark like the sun?
What?
You will come in the morning looking for me.
What if I don't come?
I will come looking for you.
The heart united, ♪
♪ the feet began to move ♪
♪ It is time that brought this union ♪
You should have stayed for some more time.
What?
Did you see the time?
They told me to leave.
What is this time?
Constable Kanaka Mahalakshmi
Will anyone touch you.
Just one bottle.
Take care.
I am here.
I will take care.
Boo boo boo
Where are we going?
We will reach there somehow.
What is this road? It's so dark here!
Because the vehicle's light is off.
Turn on the light.
Oh God.
Hey.
(Beep)